{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16260\viewh9900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Joe and Bill went for a fishing trip. Joe caught 20 salmon and Bill caught 20 salmon. How many fish did Joe and Bill caught?\
\
20 + 20 = 40\
\
Julia made blue macaroons and orange macaroons. She set it in 2 boxes of 5 each. How many macaroons does Julia have?\
\
2 * 5 = 10\
\
Mario is harvesting corn in the field. He got 50 pieces of corn and 11 of them are tossed out. How many pieces of corn does Mario have? \
\
50 - 11 = 39\
\
 \
\
Pseudo Code\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Create three questions to include three different arithmetic calculations.\
{\listtext	2.	}For each question, create variables for the calculations. e.g. const Joe = 20; const Bill = 20, const fishJoeBill = Joe + Bill; etc. \
{\listtext	3.	}Include answers for the results to the empty fields for results.\
{\listtext	4.	}Set three sections for the questions\
{\listtext	5.	}Create fields for the specific answer\
{\listtext	6.	}Create a prompt if it is a wrong answer and reset the buttons and fields, or a dialog box for wrong answer.\
{\listtext	7.	}Create a prompt for right answer and create a greeting or a dialog box that congratulates and gives the code.\
{\listtext	8.	}User inputs the correct code in the field \
{\listtext	9.	}User clicks the button to finish entering the code.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}